---
layout: post
title: "Growth Hacking"
date: 2013-09-01 16:46
comments: true
categories: CS3216
---
The talk on growth hacking by [Bjorn Lee](http://www.bjornlee.com), co-founder
of [Stickery](http://www.stickeryapp.com/) was rather refreshing, especially
after all the engineering-focused talks we've been having.

I found his section on forum seeding one of the most applicable for our app, if
we're going to be taking it beyond the first assignment. Perhaps not quite the
way they did it, but there are very relevant communities for our initial target
audience (women), like [CozyCot](http://forums.cozycot.com/) and
[Flowerpod](http://flowerpod.com.sg/forums/), which could be useful for
marketing.

Another thing that struck me was how they gathered really high-quality feedback
from mothers. Similar to them, our team is made up of all guys, so we may not
have a first-hand understanding of our target market, but we can certainly try
to make up for that by going out there and talking to our users, which should be
easier now that our app's at an MVP(ish) stage.

On a related note, I've been researching on [BillPin](http://www.billpin.com/)
for Monday's presentation, and they pulled off an impressive growth hack back in
April by buying over another bill-splitting service, BillMonk.

It's rare to see a 6 month old startup acquiring an 8 year old rival with around
50 times the number of users. Not only did they get an instant massive boost to
their user base, but also gained some buzz from the usual tech news websites,
and valuable usage data.

Probably not something we can mimic directly, but their clever and unorthodox
approach aptly illustrates how far you could move beyond the mold in order to
acquire traction.